It is not the native organizations Award today
Masked rider match p Shirring is released from the super squadron and March 29
This limited start pop
Banba Rising Card
I would like to introduce you
I studied three packs
I think that I want to make is one thick
Hmm
Shook
Teacher or Showa cut flickering Kano is the case that contains
to come
It is much
Hanging very Kirakira'
I have entered
We are Kamen Rider
New No. 1
This pile 3 I Kamen Rider v 3
It is Irochira
Living
It is Pui 3 state crew pick
Here
Such a rider cart
It contains
Char version
I want to give it up
Yup
Poop
me too
It is a Yamatoku place that was Showa
New Building No. 1
With pooh 3
Executives rider car
Super
Follow
Hmm
Heisei had
6 2
Yoroibu is ne
Also a ranger muss
Anxiety is
A word of Kamen Rider Takeshi
Beautiful loop
Also here in
anon banner
The back is the No. 1 water carrier woman
I'm at Watermelon Ginger
Oh dear
Shoan how a common Gamba rider card had entered
Hmm
Showa and Heisei also have that
It was the review of the limited start pack of the other year riders match